Added contributing guidelines (#8)
jamesgeorge007/scaffold-static: README.md

![Template-served](https://i.imgur.com/WNzLFwq.png)

## How do I contribute?

> 1. Fork and clone our repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork and clone the repository.
```

> 2. Fire in sudo npm link to test everything works fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fire in `npm link` to test everything works fine.
```

> 3. Then use the commend scaffold-static new <project_name> to bootstrap the boilerplate template required to work upon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Then use the command scaffold-static new <project_name> to bootstrap the boilerplate template required to work upon.
```

4. This creates a new directory with the given name in the current path.

> 5. On the adjoing screen select the css framework you want to work upon. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Now select the CSS framework of your choice.
```
